
# Panel Router Templates

The problem with the Voron panels is that most of them have cutouts of
various shapes and sizes, only the top and sides are plain rectangles.

To get panels of the correct shape, you need to have them CNC cut.
However it is much cheaper to get them saw cut to size as a plain
rectangle. Then you can add the Voron specific cutouts manually.
The saw marks can be cleaned up with a few grades of sandpaper.

In order to make the cutouts as neat an accurate as I could, I designed
these templates that you clamp to the acrylic sheet. You then use a
trim router with a bearing bit (get the narrowest you can find) to
follow the contour of the template. There are locating protrusions which
touch the edge of the sheet.

## Rear Panel
The exhaust exit template is positioned centered on the top edge of the
panel. There is a mark for the centre, which you can align with a 
centre mark drawn on the protective cover for the sheet.

## Bottom Panel
The corner template has a mark indicating the front and rear
directions. This cutout is not symetrical, so establish which edges
of the sheet are the front and the rear (you can mark them on the
protective cover) and position the template accordingly. You will need
to flip the panel upside down to use the template on the other side.

The screen template is positioned centered on the front edge of the
panel. There is a mark for the centre, which you can align with a
centre mark drawn on the protective cover for the sheet.

## Deck Panel
The left/right motor mount template. This cutout is symetrical so use
any orientation so long as you get the front corners.

The rear motor mount template also includes the cutout for bed wiring.
There is a mark for the centre, which you can align with a centre mark
drawn on the protective cover for the sheet. Note that this template is
not centered, use the mark to find the center position.

The left/right rear cable corner template for cables. This template is
not symetrical so ensure the alignment mark points to the rear.
